feat(native-decls): Update GetGamePool.md (add usage example) (#1557)
citizenfx/fivem: ext/native-decls/GetGamePool.md

* `CVehicle`: Vehicles.
* `CPickup`: Pickups.

## Examples
```lua
local vehiclePool = GetGamePool('CVehicle') -- Get the list of vehicles (entities) from the pool

> for _, veh in ipairs(vehiclePool) do -- loop through each vehicle (entity)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for i = 1, #vehiclePool do -- loop for how many vehicles are found in vehiclePool
```
Isn't this more performant?

Reviewer 2: performance should always be measured :)

Reviewer 3: You can see a bunch of performance tests done [here](https://springrts.com/wiki/Lua_Performance#TEST_9:_for-loops) from forever ago

Author: I overlooked this, thanks for noticing. According to the following sources doing this without `pairs` or `ipairs` is faster yes.

https://medium.com/@sleitnick/battle-of-the-loops-c001bcb4961c
https://stackoverflow.com/a/8955122 (this answer sources information from @AvarianKnight's link it seems)

I will be correcting this PR in a bit.

Author: > Isn't this more performant?

Updated the example code to include your suggestion and squashed my commits, thanks :-)
